Where did the princess come from?
How dare you go crazy at my husband's birthday party
I was the year
The old man of the Ye family found a good husband for Wanting
Shen Yan
Ye Wanting, this is the good husband you brought
How dare you talk to Dad like that?
It was outrageous.
The marriage contract made by the old man
It's all voided with me
Then I don't know if this marriage certificate counts?
It's the other way around.
How dare you do such a heinous thing
Kosada
You asked me to marry Qin Chong, didn't that ruin my full name?
Who doesn't know that he has nothing but a great career
He is a scumbag
It's really against you
Do you dare to contradict?
Qin Shao will be here soon
You do things like this
Do you want to know where the Ye family died?
Humph
What is the Qin family afraid of?
Soldiers come to flood the palm water and soil
Forget it, how dare you talk big here
Come
Blow this kid out of here
The young master of the Qin family has arrived
Who is so big-mouthed?